## PDB Parser

Microsoft PDB files parser library.

## Use

Target named `pdbparser` is exposed. It can be used as follows:
```cmake
target_link_libraries(project-that-needs-pdbparser pdbparser)
```

## Status

The repository is used by the [RetDec](https://github.com/avast-tl/retdec) project to parse debugging information from Microsoft PDB files. Although such functionality might be useful in other projects, we do not recommend to use this library. Its quality is not very high, it will not be further developed, and we plan to replace it in RetDec with LLVM's PDB parsing capabilities.

## Requirements

* A compiler supporting C++14
  * On Windows, only Microsoft Visual C++ is supported (version >= Visual Studio 2015).
* CMake (version >= 3.6)

## Build and Installation

* Clone the repository or download the sources into a directory named `pdbparser`.
  * `git clone https://github.com/avast-tl/pdbparser.git`
* Linux:
  * `cd pdbparser`
  * `mkdir build && cd build`
  * `cmake ..`
  * `make`
* Windows:
  * Open MSBuild command prompt, or any terminal that is configured to run the `msbuild` command.
  * `cd pdbparser`
  * `mkdir build && cd build`
  * `cmake .. -G<generator>`
  * `msbuild /m /p:Configuration=Release pdbparser.sln`
  * Alternatively, you can open `pdbparser.sln` generated by `cmake` in Visual Studio IDE.

You must pass the following parameters to `cmake`:
* (Windows only) `-G<generator>` is `-G"Visual Studio 14 2015"` for 32-bit build using Visual Studio 2015, or `-G"Visual Studio 14 2015 Win64"` for 64-bit build using Visual Studio 2015. Later versions of Visual Studio may be used.

You can pass additional parameters to `cmake`:
* `-DCMAKE_BUILD_TYPE=Debug` to build with debugging information, which is useful during development. By default, the project is built in the `Release` mode. This has no effect on Windows, but the same thing can be achieved by running `msbuild` with the `/p:Configuration=Debug` parameter.

## License

Copyright (c) 2017 Avast Software, licensed under the MIT license. See the `LICENSE` file for more details.

## Contributing

See [RetDec contribution guidelines](https://github.com/avast-tl/retdec/wiki/Contribution-Guidelines).
